Add example successful documentation bugs (#188)
r-devel/rdevguide: 01-Introduction.Rmd

> 1. Contributing to bug fixing: Refer [Bug Tracking](#BugTrack) and [Reviewing Bugs](#ReviewBugs).
> 2. Contributing to translations: Refer [Translations](#).
> 3. Testing R before release: Refer [Testing Pre-release R Versions](#TestRVer).

Reviewer: Add/update links:
```suggestion
1. Contributing to bug fixing: Refer to [Issue Tracking](#IssueTrack) and [Reviewing Bugs](#ReviewBugs).
2. Contributing to translations: Refer to [Translations](#message-translations).
3. Testing R before release: Refer to [Testing Pre-release R Versions](#TestRVer).
```

4. Contributing to documentation and tutorials, including this guide: Refer [Documenting R](#Doc) and [Contributing to this guide](#how-to-contribute-to-this-guide).

<!-- TODO(Saranjeet): Welcome to Bug BBQ slides -->
<!-- TODO(Saranjeet): README on Bug BBQ repo -->

A common starting point for new contributors is to start with documentation, as this allows for an easier way into the ways of working and tools used.

> Maintainers and contributors are requested to follow this project's [code of conduct](https://github.com/r-devel/rdevguide/blob/main/CONDUCT.md).

Author: Have moved back down to the bottom and specified that it's this guides code of conduct
